---
layout: page
title: Organizers
---

The organization team brings together expertise in experience design,
aesthetics of interaction, psychology, and social acceptability research.

**Alarith Uhde** is a doctoral student in the Ubiquitous Design / Experience
& Interaction group of Prof. Marc Hassenzahl at Siegen University. His research
interests include technology experiences in social contexts,
technology-mediated social cooperation, and well-being-oriented design.

**Stefan Tretter** is a doctoral student in Economic and Organizational
Psychology in the research group of Prof. Sarah Diefenbach at LMU Munich. His
research interests include public user interactions, communication
technologies, and social decision-making.

**Pia von Terzi** is a doctoral student in Economic and Organizational
Psychology in the research group of Prof. Sarah Diefenbach at LMU Munich. Her
research interests include the role of social context in Human-Computer
Interaction, and technology experiences in public space.

**Marion Koelle** is a post-doctoral researcher in Human-Computer Interaction
at Saarland University. She completed her PhD on "Designing Socially Acceptable
Body-worn Cameras" in 2019. More recently, she expanded her research focus
towards the design and fabrication of on-skin interfaces and their wearability
in diverse social contexts.

**Sarah Diefenbach** is professor for market and consumer psychology at the LMU
Munich with a focus on the field of interactive technology. Her research group
explores design factors and relevant psychological mechanisms in the context of
technology usage in different fields, e.g., social media, digital
collaboration, companion technologies, social robots...

**Marc Hassenzahl** is Professor for Ubiquitous Design / Experience
& Interaction at Siegen University. With his group of designers and
psychologists, he explores the theory and practice of designing pleasurable,
meaningful, and transforming interactive technologies.
